Zhou Tianhao, Chairperson of Yaowei Group
Meet the God of War
Get up, thank you
Did you bring the ingredients?
This is unique in China
Rare pharmaceutical raw materials
Which company received it?
It's no problem to make one or two thousand billion
This raw material will definitely be able to live in someone's house to tide over the difficulties
I have to go first
Defeat Daya
I know I have something to ask for
Say the god of war
I wonder if you still remember
I have a granddaughter named Yueer
Remember he wanted to meet the God of War
I want to express my life-saving grace to you in person
Okay, let's talk about it after the business is done
Thank you, God of War
Hey, oops, Mr. Xu
Who dares to hit you without knowing the sky and the earth?
Ah, shit.
Your daughter is shameless
Don't you know?
Oh, dear.
Did you provoke him Xu Shou again?
Mom, he insulted me first
It's also your blessing that he insults you.
Mom, you two are such good daughters
He actually joined a trash picker to pit me
Don't talk nonsense
Shen Yunmei, we are getting married soon
And you're hanging out with a junk picker
What? Is it true?